Omitted:
    The Demented Princess (Tragedy)
    Alvida (Royal Drama)
    Rosalba the Enchantress (Heroic Drama)
    The Magic Tree (Pastoral)

Method Notes
    Where possible, alternative masks (Isabella -> Aliffa) were resolved to the more famous version (Isabella)
    Disguised characters are labled with their original mask, not the disguise

node2vec Notes
    d=16, l=8, r=10,000 and 100,000, (p,q) = (1,0.5) and (1,2)

Questions
    Do roles with non-specific genders (Innkeeper) have a male or female gender structure?
    Do Franceschina innkeepers perform female functions? Burattinos male?

    In "The Tutor" -- is Cataldo, the tutor, vecchi? innamorati? capitani? servi?
    What about Claudione in the "The Man Pretending Blindness?" Or "The Hunt?"

    What about Signora Vittoria in "The Portrait?"

    What about Lidia? Flavia? Silvia?

The One vs. The Many: Introduction
    Character Space, Character System
        Space - the encounter between human personality and space,position in the narrative
        System - the arrangement of character spaces in a narrative structure
    Against: the attack on characterization
        Against: protagonist NOT as a person, but a glue, a support device for motifs
    Two sides: structuralist (no humans in the text) and humanist (lots of humans in the text)
    THESIS: Narrative happens *through* this tension between character (individual) & character (structure)
        All character spaces inevitably point us toward the character-system, since the emplacement of a character within the narrative form is largely comrpised *by* his or her relative position vis-a-vis other characters.
        None of these characters gets elaborated in a vacuum
    Tension between The One and The Many 
        psychological depth, social expansiveness
        shifting use of minor characters: do they add depth or expansiveness?
            Tension (in other words), between allegory and reference
    IMPORTANT
        "Each of these narrative workers has a 'case,' an orientating consciousness that, like the protagonist's own consciousness, could potentially organize an entire fictional universe."
        "Thus once other characters have been incompletely brought into the story, through their functional importance, they inevitably threaten to destabilize the narrative, through the force of their unique consciousness."
    Minor characters are frequently reduced to functional references, minor identities, "absent values", "palpable voids", "missing links", "mocking shadows", "apparitions"
    THE TWO KINDS OF MINORNESS / The symptoms of minorness
        Engulfing of interiority by delimited signs that express it
        Explosion of interiority into unrepresentable, fragmentrary, symptomatic form
            The worker - with a narrative function, smoothly absorbed by the plot machine
            The eccentric - the fragmentary character who plays a disruptive, oppositional roles, as a consequence, wounded, exiiled, etc.
    AXIOM: How can a human being enter into a narrative world and *not* disrupt the distribution of attention?
    On Minor characters
        They stand out because the writer has done a lot with a little:
            that one scene, those few lines, that one memorable gesture
        But they are always drowned out within the totality of the narrative
        They disappear, and we feel a kind of relief at the disappearance of the minor character into the plot
        MINOR CHARACTERS: establish the distinction between story and discourse
        Minor characters can disappear from either story or discourse
The One vs. The Many: Chapter One
    One perspective on Austen:
        These many "flat" characters have versimilitude -- there are lots of simple, flat people in real life!
    Another perspective on Austen:
        These "flat" characters aren't *supposed* to be real -- they're distorted
    Both fail to consider the dynamic narrative subordination of potentially full human beings

    IMPORTANT: Why call attention to characters that you are only interested in dismissing?
        The "major" characters need the minor characters, and the novel's function needs the tension, thematically
            e.g., 